hey hey oh my gosh here we are getting
the day what do we got here two eggs
oh cool so here's a cool part about this
this thing might be bred to a super
tiger an Reap latinum which is good son
which is good and it means it means
we'll have some Lucy's or some alters or
some ivory soldiers
Oh alters filter but the good that I
don't really want those to be honest I
want to see super sons super son super
tight I mean tigers and the best part
about this clutch is it's gonna be high
percentage it already is 50 percent
dwarf 25 percent super dwarf and it's
already a Sun platy right so it's a
beautiful snake and the better part is
or small eggs there are always small
eggs now the funny part is see this box
if you guys watch some of the videos
we've used this box the last two or
three times on main ones so it's a
little trick to the trade but it's
really not a trick it's just real simple
when you treat your snake like a
mainland it'll be like a mainland if you
treat your snake like a super dwarf
it'll be like a dork so let me see if I
get it she's a she's in pursuit of this
clutch she wants to take it out with her
so I'm gonna there blued really tight
she's obviously pretty mellow about it
come on girl I don't think she's got
bite it off but she's definitely
constricting on clutch come on she
thinks he's a constrictor I'm not used
to that happening come on girl
oh she is strong hey that's a flat spot
right that right there right there go
ahead how many how many prehistoric pet
employees does it take to get a to get a
super drawer fought for clutch I'll take
the main ones guys they're not so tricky
there you go look at that whoo so there
you go there's a super dwarf clutch and
this is about as good as they come
at least for us super dwarf mainland I
gotta remember I mean super dwarf
mainland this thing's got you know what
this is far cry from a wild Cod animal
yeah listen this thing has been in every
country that Reed ticks come from this
thing doesn't have any any mail it's got
a tiny bit of mainland mixed in with a
little bit of jam PETA mixed in with a
little bit of Slayer mix I'm not
exaggerating mixed in with some Jam and
don't forget and don't forget the you
know Willa kaya body and then we got the
the Khaled oh listen it is a tannery
Sunfire super super sunny nante Sunfire
platinum without crossing a couple ways
to get there because we couldn't we
don't have a lifetime to do this we've
already wasted half our lifetime getting
started on doing this so the idea of
that 30 days is enough time to reach
Ange your business that's been in
business for 30 years is a little bit
ironically crazy right hopefully are
hopefully things will go out right keep
going our right way on our on our stuff
but I don't even understand why the
efficient wildlife which just as far as
well this ain't wildlife is involved in
this whole thing this thing couldn't
live in it this thing couldn't live in
its native land I mean all you gotta do
is read humane society wrote a big thing
on the lawsuits stating that we're we're
undermining the viability of the species
and making them weak so why are they so
worried about a living and living in a
place they can't even live in and then
there
been able to breathe in yet so I don't
know it's a lot of I guess it's all how
you read the slant because it's all
slanted but that's life I guess we live
in a world of slants and that's like
these eggs I make you do my ink are they
incubating their eggs of course not
because they can take to incubate their
eggs in our cage in a controlled
environment because it takes 86 days 84
days for them to hatch and that's just
not it's just it's just too much it's
just hard they don't do very well with
it but somehow they're gonna live in
Alaska and North Dakota and you can't
you know I don't get it
I really don't get it but of course I've
only been doing this my whole life and
actually physically doing it those
Alaskan that he takes Elissa be those
are those really cool the cool part
about those are you don't have to feed
them first nine months out of the year
no heat required no right one two three
four five six eight I can even count
with that extent eight ten twelve
fourteen sixteen eighteen nineteen eggs
I thought we'd have more than that
pretty good I'm staying I'm still happy
but it looked like a big clutch because
they were so tiny not females wrapped
around it so tight so anyway guys just
remember this no matter what keep living
your dream wherever that is cuz we're
gonna live ours but hey it's up to you
peace out